Skerritt.blog Skerritt.blog Home Start Here YouTube Sign in Subscribe Skerritt.blog Esoteric Computer Science Knowledge from your favourite local rust girlie japanese My Magpie settings to play VNs on a bad GPU 07 Oct 2025 system design Designing Bit.ly Problem: Design a Tiny URL / Bit.ly competitor

Given a long URL, create a short URL.

Given a short URL, redirect to a long URL.

Requirements

 * Very high read, likely 80% of all links are the same 20% of links
 * Not so much write
 * Needs low latency
 * High availabilitiy

Flow 03 Oct 2025 3 min read How I Vibe Code I just vibe coded this:

Statistics for reading JapaneseHi friends! I just released my first ever web-dev project! There’s a tool called Game Sentence Miner which uses OCR to grab text from your screen, and it lets you look that text up in a dictionary. GitHub - bpwhelan/GameSentenceMiner: 10 Sep 2025 2 min read japanese Statistics for reading Japanese Hi friends!

I just released my first ever web-dev project!

There's a tool called Game Sentence Miner which uses OCR to grab text from your screen, and it lets you look that text up in a dictionary.

GitHub - bpwhelan/GameSentenceMiner: An All-in-One immersion toolkit for learning Languages 09 Sep 2025 4 min read system design 20 Popular System Design Interview Questions 1. Distributed Metrics Logging & Aggregation System
Companies: Google, Facebook, Amazon, eBay, Datadog, Atlassian

2. Distributed Stream Processing System (like Kafka)
Companies: Amazon, Microsoft, Wise, Confluent

3. Key-Value Store
Companies: Apple, Google, Canva, Avalara, Rubrik, OpenDoor

4. K Most Shared Articles in Time Windows (24h, 1h, 5m)
Companies: LinkedIn, Facebook, 01 Sep 2025 1 min read japanese Japanese August 2025 I made this to track my characters read!

My mining deck is nearly at 1k matures :) 31 Aug 2025 1 min read japanese How I'm Learning Japanese August 2025 My morning routine looks like:


Anki

I do 20 new cards a day.

The cards are ones I have created from reading, like this:

I only make cards if:

 * It's within 5k frequency, so it's common to me
 * OR I know all the Kanji in the 23 Aug 2025 7 min read japanese The Jazzcat Output Method Converstation I talked to Jazzcat about my retention and wanted to share it here 😄

Jazzcat is a member in The Moeway Discord famous for having a very weird and unique approach to Anki.

However, this approach has led them to obtain one of the highest ranks via vocab quizes on the 23 Aug 2025 7 min read japanese Difficulty Hell in Anki This was discovered by Para in The Moe Way Discord Server.

For some people using Anki with FSRS you will have a very high Anki median difficulty:

Something like 95% (before mine was 98%).

This means cards mature super, super slowly. I was doing 30 new cards / day, and maturing 22 Aug 2025 3 min read grind75 746. Min Cost Climbing Stairs Problem

You are given an integer array cost where cost[i] is the cost of ith step on a staircase. Once you pay the cost, you can either climb one or two steps.

You can either start from the step with index 0, or the step with index 1.

Return 21 Aug 2025 2 min read My experience with Amazon Kendra A couple months ago in a hackathon for Monzo I put together a lil team to complete the impossible:

"Organise the world's Monzo's information and make it easily searchable"

We ended up using Amazon Kendra, let's discuss my experience with it.


The 21 Aug 2025 3 min read Introducing CyberFork - The community fork of CyberChef Click here to go to CyberFork

CyberChefThe Cyber Swiss Army Knife - a web app for encryption, encoding, compression and data analysis

CyberChef is dying.

The last release was 5 months ago. There are over 100 pull requests and 300 GitHub issues.

The most upvoted pull request is 4 years 21 Aug 2025 6 min read japanese Using a Japanese Input System (JIS) Keyboard with GB layout A JIS keyboard looks like this:

Notice the 2 buttons next to the spacebar, and in the top left hand corner you have an input switcher button.

This is how to use a GB keyboard in Romaji input on a JIS.

 1. Start regedit as admin
 2. Find your keyboard 21 Aug 2025 1 min read japanese The Best Beginner Kanji Dictionary Over in TheMoeWay user road_to_redemption shared their Kanji dictionary:

It has everything you need from a Kanji dict:

 * Meaning
 * Frequency
 * Top 3 common words with readings + translations
 * Readings + distributions
 * Components with keywords

I really like this a lot, in particular the frequency + meaning + readings of the Kanji.

Current 21 Aug 2025 2 min read japanese My current way to mine visual novels My main method of learning Japanese is by reading Visual Novels.

These are kinda like a game and kinda like a novel.

To give you a rundown:

 * Every bit of text is spelt out on the screen
 * It is usually fully voiced by Japanese natives
 * The game does not continue 13 Aug 2025 4 min read cybersecurity Acing the World's Hardest Cyber Security Exam with 3 Days of Study I passed the world's hardest cybersecurity exam with only 3 days of study.


What exam was it?

CISSP (Certified Information Systems Security Professional)


Why is it so hard

 1. The exam covers 8 domains.

The CISSP is described as a mile-wide, inch-deep.