Shodan Search Engine Shodan Maps Images Monitor Developer More... Explore Pricing Login Search Engine for the Internet of Everything Shodan is the world's first search engine for Internet-connected devices. Discover how Internet intelligence can help you make better decisions. Sign Up Now Explore the Platform Beyond the Web Websites are just one part of the Internet. Use Shodan to discover everything from power plants, mobile phones, refrigerators and Minecraft servers. Monitor Network Exposure Keep track of all your devices that are directly accessible from the Internet. Shodan provides a comprehensive view of all exposed services to help you stay secure. Internet Intelligence Learn more about who is using various products and how they're changing over time. Shodan gives you a data-driven view of the technology that powers the Internet. More than 3 million registered users across the world are using Shodan, including: 89% of the Fortune 100 5 of the Top 6 Cloud Providers 1,000+ Universities Network Monitoring Made Easy Within 5 minutes of using Shodan Monitor you will see what you currently have connected to the Internet within your network range and be setup with real-time notifications when something unexpected shows up. Learn more Developers Developers! The entire Shodan platform (crawling, IP lookups, searching, data streaming) is available to developers. Use our API to understand whether users are connecting from a VPN, whether the website you're visiting has been compromised and more. Learn more Comprehensive IP Enrichment across the Internet Shodan crawls the entire Internet every week to give you a truly global perspective. Browser Integrations Get a quick view of a website's security by using the browser plugins for Shodan: Chrome Plugin Firefox Plugin Got Questions? Check out the Shodan Help Center which answers the most frequently-asked questions and provides hands-on guides for common tasks: Visit Help Center Email Support Sign Up Now Products Monitor Search Engine Developer API Maps Bulk Data Images Snippets Pricing Membership API Subscriptions Enterprise Contact Us support@shodan.io Shodan ® - All rights reserved